README.md, before:

# Create symlinks with stow

## Stow default behaviour
Stow will by default look for that package in the local directory and then symlink it into the parent directory
Default stow behaviour is: `stow -t ..`

To simulate the stow symlink creation do: -nv
`stow -nv -t ~/.config .config`

## Stow all .config directory in one command
1. Go to the dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles`
2. Stow the .config into ~/.config
`stow -v -t ~/.config .config`

## Stow bash dotfiles (e.g. .bashrc)
1. Go to the dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles`
2. Stow the bash into ~
`stow -t ~ bash`

## Stow vim dotfiles (.vimrc)
1. Go to the dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles`
2. Stow the vim into ~
`stow -v -t ~ vim`

## Stow i3 dotfiles
a. Before create the i3 folder in ~/.config
`cd ~/.config` and `mkdir i3`
b. Then stow i3 config folder
1. Go to the .config subrepository of this dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles/.config`
2. Stow i3 into ~/.config/i3
`stow -v -t ~/.config/i3 i3`
Always check before changing the filesystem with:
`stow -vn -t ~/.config/i3 i3`

## Stow alacritty dotfiles
Before create alacritty folder in ~/.config
`mkdir ~/.config/alacritty`
Then stow:
` cd ~/.dotfiles/.config`
`stow -v -t ~/.config/alacritty alacritty`

rm on symlink will remove the symlink only
https://venthur.de/2021-12-19-managing-dotfiles-with-stow.html

Commit message:

Swapped Ctrl with Caps Lock

README.md, after:

# Create symlinks with stow

## Stow default behaviour
Stow will by default look for that package in the local directory and then symlink it into the parent directory
Default stow behaviour is: `stow -t ..`

To simulate the stow symlink creation do: -nv
`stow -nv -t ~/.config .config`

## Stow all .config directory in one command
1. Go to the dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles`
2. Stow the .config into ~/.config
`stow -v -t ~/.config .config`

## Stow vconsole (remap Esc with Caps-lock)
1. Go to the dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles/root_folder`
2. Stow the bash into ~
`sudo stow -v -t /etc etc`

## Stow bash dotfiles (e.g. .bashrc)
1. Go to the dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles`
2. Stow the bash into ~
`stow -t ~ bash`

## Stow vim dotfiles (.vimrc)
1. Go to the dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles`
2. Stow the vim into ~
`stow -v -t ~ vim`

## Stow i3 dotfiles
a. Before create the i3 folder in ~/.config
`cd ~/.config` and `mkdir i3`
b. Then stow i3 config folder
1. Go to the .config subrepository of this dotfiles repository
`cd dotfiles/.config`
2. Stow i3 into ~/.config/i3
`stow -v -t ~/.config/i3 i3`
Always check before changing the filesystem with:
`stow -vn -t ~/.config/i3 i3`

## Stow alacritty dotfiles
Before create alacritty folder in ~/.config
`mkdir ~/.config/alacritty`
Then stow:
` cd ~/.dotfiles/.config`
`stow -v -t ~/.config/alacritty alacritty`

rm on symlink will remove the symlink only
https://venthur.de/2021-12-19-managing-dotfiles-with-stow.html
